10 minutes have passed
What about the person who delivered the invitation today?
Why hasn't it been there yet?
You see
Come on.
Hello, Mr. Li.
This is the invitation to our antique convention
Please take it.
Then thank Boss Liang for me.
Looks like I won
Absolutely impossible
How could you be invited?
What about the child, the president is already fake
I see you are really a dead duck
You mouth
It's fate.
Ah!
Hahahaha
Look at my invitation
It's all Phnom Penh ironing
And your invitation letter
Just words written on a blank sheet of paper
You are not fake
Which one is fake?
It shouldn't be.
Boss Liang can't have a fake request.
Hmm, stop pretending
It's all pierced by me, when will it be installed?
Let's not choose a leash
Bring it yourself